# Secured-Sharing-of-Medical-Data
This project has 5 smart contracts to interact with the blockchain
namely: body examine, patient, hospital, doctor, records.

• Hospital: This contract stores the structure of the hospital, maps
it to an index and stores it in the list of hospitals. And assigns the
wallet address used for transaction as the owner of the hospital
i.e., admin for that particular hospital.

• Patient: This contract stores and retrieves the information and the
structure of information of a patient and their attendant and maps
both of the so indices and stores them into patient list and
attendant list respectively. This contract also verifies the current
wallet address as the address of the wallet assigned by
hospital.sol as the owner before allowing transaction.

• Doctor: This contract stores and retrieves the information and the
structure of information of the doctor, maps it to an index and
stores it in the list of doctors. This contract also verifies the
current wallet address as the address of the wallet assigned by
hospital.sol as the owner before allowing transaction.

• Body Examine: This contract stores and retrieves the information
and the structure of information of examinations and test results
and maintains multiple lists accordingly. It also performs the
same above-mentioned verification of the administrator before
allowing any addition or modification of the data.

• Records: This contract stores and retrieves the information and
the structure of information/records about the patient's insurance,
its medical history etc. and maintains multiple lists accordingly.
It also performs the same above-mentioned verification of the
administrator before allowing any addition or modification of the
data.
The smart contracts were deployed to a local
blockchain generated by Ganache. Initially 10 nodes with 100 test
ethers are generated and we have selected a node as random as wallet
address to deploy smart contracts to the blockchain. We have Metamask wallet to interact with the Ethereum-based
blockchains. We have used the private key of one of the accounts
generated by the ganache to import the account to MetaMask
localhost 7545. The imported account is then used for deploying the
smart contracts as the owner

After setting up the requirements according to the
above-mentioned criteria adding or retrieving data will be treated as
transactions, after each transaction owner gets a pop-up to sanction
the transaction for it to be completed.
